c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.pdb
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\obj\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\obj\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\sam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.App\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain\obj\Debug\Murray.Tradeinterchange-Demo.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
